p
we come back with the second part of the most prominent games of the nintendo
3ds and our first game is a theme and that one of the best solid games
for nintendo 64 in the year 1998 was also nominated the winner as best game
of the world
exactly cabinet legend of zelda ocarina of time
as far as you know it will be exactly the same game I mean it's not the
face that more missions will be added will not even change the story
besides this version has the following advantages
this is one of them
better advantages since this game is the favorite of thousands of people and being
Laptop will be perfect for everyone because they can play anywhere
want
better thanksgiving
the graphics could have been much better
the leader wanted it to be a clear tribute to the original version
apprentices of songs
This is good and bad at the same time
good contribution one that another song if you need remixes but on the other hand there
songs that are so good that remixes like the valley are not needed
gertrudis arias are is that those are my favorites among others xd
hopefully and nintendo improve a few we have improved a lot
the judge justifies which songs you want the original or the new one
what do you think
leave your comment about your opinion and share it with him
this title is called pilotwings resort
This is a game where your only objective is to fly or fall by the winds
this will be the weight from the super nintendo cultivating I do not know the
title continue
nintendo 64 where I also do not know his exit step but the great invention 64
they were much more renewed with the game already
no renovations
today we have
Where can we get to our same month?
the andes since we can use a lot and the gladiator currents jan yunis
they were injured and much less than a month
it is not the same a great title available now in stores
if you are a lover
right there you would like to fly you can not miss this Thursday
We could not solve the dream of man
I'm not a fan, I have not even played these games
but yes he has millions of fans and I said
why do not you put
di zeo if people like it
your stay is a multigame because in the game you can play in races
adventures fights efe
I do not know much about the game because as I told you
the chief of cabinet
but when they end with three defenders and prosecutors and judges who
certain
something that catches the attention of this center
the chief prosecutors
our new title is pro evolution soccer 2011
I do not like football but it catches my attention a bit and I know that football
it's the most popular sport in the whole world so that's why it's in this
video
pro evolution soccer 2011 is one of the best soccer games ever
invented
it was his popularity has spread in much of the world
pro evolution soccer 2011 has been portable for several years but it was
most sold on the psp than on the nintendo ds hopefully and the nintendo 3ds
sell more pro evolution soccer than any other
first on portable consoles came out for the nintendo ds then it came out for the
psp and now it goes out for the beautiful nintendo 3ds with something that we love
the 3d
if a game is fun in 3d it will be much better
pro evolution soccer 2011 is available in stores
resident evil the mercenaries is a player
completely spectacular for us the fans of resident evil
formerly the mercenaries was a video game or an extra in the games of
resident evil starting from resident evil 3
continuing with resident evil veronica code after in resident evil 4 and
lastly in resident evil 5 resident evil 5 edition online
in this title your mission is to end up with the greatest number of thompson and skewed
specials in a race against time while more infected eliminate their
failure will be your score
A curious fact is that Resident Evil 5 came out for the Xbox 360
the ps3
and we nintendeos we were without resident evil 5 because he said capcom
that the wii did not have the capacity to hold such graphics and it turns out
that the nintendo 3ds has almost the same traffic as the eu
venice is a minimum so hahahahahaha
the one that said óscar soliz pelandino
and that ability
resident evil mercenaries 3d
in stores
two
to finish this video I will talk about me
It is only unknown but it has become very popular and rumors have been made that
title will be
Super Mario Galaxy 2 and Super Mario Galaxy Edition 3
is so clear by sales since his daughter Olivia motorized the boat have been
realized that super mario galaxy 1 and 2
they have been so fast that they can not stop the opportunity to do it
with the departure of the 3ds they decided to make it an edition for
3ds
eye that is only a rumor that will come out for 3ds is not written in stone but
the rumors are so big that it's more likely to be
the 3ds to pay
supposedly it will be released for December 2011 or for March 2012
there is no precise date the only thing we can do to know more
desperate information
well that was everything I hope you liked it thank you for watching this video
do not forget to comment culture
After the first mayor explained that please subscribe to those who have more
videos of this type
now I'm going to play very well against a triplet
arias